hello YouTube my goodness i'm going to
do for a while you know what I'm wearing
I'm wearing a dress that I bought when I
was in university in england in 97 about
this 97 I haven't been able to fit its
97 for look releasing my bra straps a
lesser style reggaeton but look at it
and love it and nothing she came and see
it you see I still got some chunks ago
what's it yeah okay so I haven't been
able to wear this oh my god so let's
what's this year 97 899 oh my god of
yours I know I don't know Matt 12 years
I haven't worn this dress a 12 years and
now I fit it because my total weight
loss to date has been 74 pounds since i
started raw since i made my first video
here 74 pounds since july
okay so hi I'm Lori and I am starting a
raw food lifestyle raw vegan I did it
last year for probably about two months
and stopped
um raw bacon right I am on a juice feast
right now and I don't I don't know what
I lost on on the raw food and compared
to my loss in the Jews fees that'll do
that because I'm not that technical and
I don't care about things like that but
i did lose like excuse me 40-something
pounds before i started like you feast
so anyway yeah so it's been about 74
pounds since july eating raw bacon and
you know my juice feast now I've been on
my juice feast I think 57 days something
like that now and i have till april
twenty third
I can't believe it 74 pounds and I
didn't even see like any of the results
really until my pants started falling
off me and you know they were kind of
dragging on the ground and I thought oh
you know they're old you know you know
when your pants get old that's that's
all I thought really and then people
started saying I look hot look at your
face it's like you see a job oh but I
didn't think anything of it really
because my colorful like the way my body
is um you'll see my collarbone very
early like what I'm bigger my collarbone
snowshoes that's just the way my body
makeup is so what I'm my average size
for my height as according to Canada
guideline I look from my waist up
anorexic because I just don't gain here
you know anyway enough this feel um I'm
happy I'm doing buying my juice feast
getting bored with it so I'm starting to
incorporate kind of clear soups in it
that I want to stop it I really want to
keep going till april twenty third which
is my birthday i'm going to continue it
till then I don't think it will be a
problem continuing it i think it's just
going to be a hassle because i'm working
now two days a week and i'm going to be
finding a volunteer position one day a
week and then you know work the other
two days a week somewhere else and just
carrying all those juices with me is
pain because they're heavy you know it's
gallon i'm carrying it down it because
im gone all day so maybe i'll carry like
three liters or something and try and
drink one in the morning train during
you know always see more when i get home
and maybe I'll just carry two viewers
actually hearing two leaders um kind of
easy the job that I'm doing now for two
days because I'm insolent house so it's
easier because it's just sitting there
and drink whatever but you know if
you're on the goal you know to shelter
or whatever you're running around
everywhere were you keeping your juices
number one because there's no fridge
like it's just you know hassle kind of
things so but i'll work around it I
don't think it's such a hassle but I'm
going to stop there's no way I'll stop
I'll just you know find no waiting to
rub it some love that you know when but
yeah so happy if I just wanted to make a
short little video so that you guys see
what I'm doing my hair grew deeper boss
yeah so there it's called wild hair I
think I'm going to cut it if you guys
have any ideas of how I can style my
hair it's just wild as hell okay it's
like I'm doing whatever the hell I want
to do no matter what you want right so
how can I style my hair what's good for
redheads curly corkscrew here that wants
to do what I had and I don't know all
you people out there who are into
fashion and stuff with my bone structure
and what would look good on me on
another anyway but you know to go got
that going on Donna I get so gotta work
out I hope that stops it skin brushing
hope it stops that I don't know but it's
kind of all because I can't afford a
dream anyway I just wanted to check in
to him know
nada
you